Want to see what an eating disorder looks like?


TL;DR - Just don't go overboard with it. Keep in mind that though weight loss is the *initial* goal, it is not the end goal which
ultimately should be fitness. Otherwise you may cut too hard, and that will be the beginning of the end.

~~~~~~~~


* 2014 Febuary to April - As you can see I was logging my weight like crazy and trying to manage 'what' I ate and not specifically
how much. As a result I just yoyoed between 132 to 142 lbs.

* 2014 April to June - I stopped recording my weight and started logging my food instead, which pretty much consisted of eating
about 500 calories of almonds a day and only consuming between 12-4pm. It surprisingly satiated me, and I was okay as long as
I didn't watch TV in the evenings (I started jogging at the gym instead).

* 2014 June - The next time I measured my weight was after 2 months of keto and doing light exercise, bringing me down to 126 lbs.
I was looking pretty good at this point, and should have just maintained that. But I kept cutting, and by July I was down to 116 lbs.
My face was sunken and gaunt at this point. People used to come up to me and pat me on the back saying 'dont worry
you're doing great mate' - which at the time I thought meant that I was looking good - but no, I now realise that they were mistaking
me for a cancer patient undergoing chemo. 

I was a very angry, paranoid, and generally resentful person at this stage. Walking was an effort, smiling too. I didn't sleep properly
and I just generally looked exhausted.

With 5 months of disciplined eating behind me, my willpower finally gave out and I just started to binge. And binge. And binge. Finally 
stopping at 145lbs after regaining some perspective. I tried cutting again and excessive exercising (I cycled a lot and ran 5km a day),
and got down to 122lb after two weeks, but again I was cutting too hard and this led to an inevitable loss of willpower which caused
another binge which ended in October.

* 2014 October to November - Same cycle: Cut, cut, binge, cut, cut, binge. This was no way to live my life and at that stage I knew 
was in sore need of help.

* 2014 Nov to 2015 Jan - I treated christmas as an excuse to splurge out as much as I could, and so obviously I did.

